README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

I am an Assistant Professor in the [Department of Computer Science](https://cs.rit.edu/) at the [Rochester Institute of Technology](https://rit.edu/). Go Tigers! :tiger:

Repositories here consist of personal projects as well as some of my academic research.
You can [visit my website](https://michael.mior.ca/projects/) for more information on my ongoing projects.
Some brief highlights:

* :nose: [NoSE](https://github.com/michaelmior/nose) is a schema design tool for NoSQL databases
* :triangular_ruler: [ESON](https://github.com/michaelmior/eson) finds normalized logical models from non-relational data
* :bullettrain_front: [Locomotor](https://github.com/michaelmior/locomotor) enables Python code using Redis to automatically be rewritten as Redis scripts
* :sparkles: [Apache Calcite](https://github.com/apache/calcite) is a query processing and optimization framework for relational data

:email: RIT students interested in working with me should contact me at my [RIT email address](mailto:mmior@mail.rit.edu).

<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/123695/michael-mior"><img src="https://stackoverflow.com/users/flair/123695.png" width="208" height="58" alt="profile for Michael Mior at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers" title="profile for Michael Mior at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers"></a>

Commit message:

Add Data Unity Lab link

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

I am an Assistant Professor in the [Department of Computer Science](https://cs.rit.edu/) at the [Rochester Institute of Technology](https://rit.edu/) and director of the [Data Unity Lab](https://cs.rit.edu/~dataunitylab). Go Tigers! :tiger:

Repositories here consist of personal projects as well as some of my academic research.
You can [visit my website](https://michael.mior.ca/projects/) for more information on my ongoing projects.
Some brief highlights:

* :nose: [NoSE](https://github.com/michaelmior/nose) is a schema design tool for NoSQL databases
* :triangular_ruler: [ESON](https://github.com/michaelmior/eson) finds normalized logical models from non-relational data
* :bullettrain_front: [Locomotor](https://github.com/michaelmior/locomotor) enables Python code using Redis to automatically be rewritten as Redis scripts
* :sparkles: [Apache Calcite](https://github.com/apache/calcite) is a query processing and optimization framework for relational data

:email: RIT students interested in working with me should contact me at my [RIT email address](mailto:mmior@mail.rit.edu).

<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/123695/michael-mior"><img src="https://stackoverflow.com/users/flair/123695.png" width="208" height="58" alt="profile for Michael Mior at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers" title="profile for Michael Mior at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers"></a>
